## Lines of code

https://github.com/code-423n4/2022-12-escher/blob/main/src/minters/LPDA.sol#L124
https://github.com/code-423n4/2022-12-escher/blob/main/src/minters/LPDA.sol#L143
https://github.com/code-423n4/2022-12-escher/blob/main/src/minters/LPDA.sol#L63

## Vulnerability details

## Impact

In the function getPrice() the current price is calculated by taking the start price and subtracting the product of dropPersecond and time elapsed. (start price - (dropPreSecond \* timeElapsed)).

The issue with this is that given the right inputs for dropPerSecond and timeElapsed can be greater than or equal to start price. This can lead to multiple critical issues.

#1 buyers will eventually be able to get the edition for free.
-When start price = (dropPerSecond \* timElpased) anyone will be able to "buy" for free.

#2 the contract will eventually lock users and out from buying
-When start price < (dropPerSecond \* timElpased) getPrice() will revert due to underflow causing buy() to revert as well.

#3 Funds will be locked in contract
-If people are locked out LPDA will never end and project will never recieve fees and seller will never recieve thier sales.

## Proof of Concept

If Alice creates a LPDA and sets the following parameters to:
start price = 6 eth
drop per second = 0.1 eth
final price = 3 eth
end time = 2 minutes from now

    uint256 timeElapsed = end > block.timestamp ? block.timestamp - start : end - start;

    return temp.startPrice - (temp.dropPerSecond * timeElapsed);
    return    6   -  (  0.1   * timeElapsed);

In this case the get price function will return 6 eth at the start
After 10 seocnds get price will return 5 eth
6 - (0.1 _ 10) = 5
After 20 seocnds get price will return 4 eth
6 - (0.1 _ 20) = 4
After 30 seocnds get price will return 3 eth (price should not go any lower according to sellers desired final price.)
6 - (0.1 _ 30) = 3
After 40 seocnds get price will return 2 eth (user is now selling edition for less than excpected final price)
6 - (0.1 _ 40) = 2
After 50 seocnds get price will return 1 eth
6 - (0.1 _ 50) = 1
After 60 seocnds get price will return 0 eth (buyer can take edition for free)
6 - (0.1 _ 60) = 0
After 70 seocnds get price will revert due to underflow
(getPrice() reverts, causing buy() to revert, causing users to be locked out of buying editions, causing funds to be locked in contract forever.)
6 - (0.1 \* 70) = -1
After 80,90,100,110,120 seconds get price will still revert.

## Tools Used

VS Code

## Recommended Mitigation Steps

In order to Mitigate this it is recomended that dropPerSecond be detemined by the project instead of the user. Becasue the price is decreasing in a linear fashion it would be better to calulate dropPerSecond through a formula like this:
dropPerSecond = (finalPrice - startPrice) / (endTime - startTime);

This ensures it will go from start price to end and take the entire duration of the sale.
