# Some base tokens will cause revert due to underflow

## Impact
In the changeFeeQuote function, the variable exponent is calculated based on the number of decimals in the base token, which is either 18 (for ETH) or retrieved using the decimals() function of an ERC20 token. This exponent is then used to calculate the feePerNft variable by multiplying changeFee by 10 to the power of the exponent.

The issue with using toknes like Gemini USD, a 2 decimal token, as the base token in this function is that subtracting 4 from 2 will result in a negative number (-2), which will cause underflow when calculating exponent. In Solidity version 0.8.0 and later, underflowing an unsigned integer will cause a revert, so attempting to execute this function with these type of tokens as the base token will result in a revert.

The impact of this issue is that the changeFeeQuote function will not work as expected when the base token is Gemini USD, which will prevent users from using this function to calculate fee amounts. Gemini USD is a well known token and is likely to be used in a pool at somepoint. There is nothing from preventing these pools from being created. However a important function `change()` would not be usable in these pools.

## Proof of Concept
The easiest way to test is to add this code snippet to ShibaInu.sol

``` solidity
file: ShibaInu.sol
contract GUSD is ERC20 {
    constructor() ERC20("Gemini USD", "gUSD", 2) {}
}

```
And add this snippet to Fixture.sol
``` solidity
file: fixture.sol    
GUSD public gUSD = new GUSD();

````
And then run this in change
```solidity
file: change.t.sol   
// use mock gUSD contract address for base token
    // run: forge test --match-test test_SmallDecimals --ffi
    function test_SmallDecimals() public {
        privatePool = new PrivatePool(
            address(factory),
            address(royaltyRegistry),
            address(stolenNftOracle)
        );
        privatePool.initialize(
            address(gUSD),
            nft,
            virtualBaseTokenReserves,
            virtualNftReserves,
            changeFee,
            feeRate,
            merkleRoot,
            true,
            false
        );

        inputTokenIds.push(0);
        inputTokenIds.push(1);
        inputTokenIds.push(2);

        outputTokenIds.push(3);
        outputTokenIds.push(4);
        outputTokenIds.push(5);
        vm.expectRevert();
        privatePool.changeFeeQuote(outputTokenIds.length * 1e18);
    }
```
## Tools Used

Manual Analysis, Foundry
## Recommended Mitigation Steps

I would reccomend implementing a check in the create() function in `Factory.sol` that checks if `_basetoken` has more than 4 decimals. And reverts if it doesnt. This way the you do not need to change the implementation of your PrivatePool contract. 