
# Unsafe minting of footiumClubs


## Summary
The `safeMint` function in the FootiumClub contract does not use the safeMint function of the ERC721Upgradeable contract, which could potentially result in ERC721 tokens being locked in a contract that cannot handle them.




## Vulnerability details
The `safeMint` function in the FootiumClub contract mints a football club NFT to a user, creating an escrow object and putting it in a mapping pointing the club ID to the escrow. This keeps it one-to-one. However, instead of using the `safeMint` function of the ERC721Upgradeable contract, the `_mint` function is used. This can potentially result in ERC721 tokens being locked in a contract that cannot handle them. Footium uses `safemint` when minting footiumPlayers but are missing that functionality when minting clubs.

## Impact
This vulnerability can potentially lead to ERC721 tokens being locked in a contract that cannot handle them.




## Lines of code
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-footium/blob/main/footium-eth-shareable/contracts/FootiumClub.sol#L65


## Tools Used

Manual Review


## Recommended Mitigation Steps
It is recommended that the `safeMint` function of the ERC721Upgradeable contract is used instead of the `_mint` function in the FootiumClub contract to prevent potential locking of ERC721 tokens in a contract that cannot handle them. This will ensure that the minting process is safe and secure. The contract should be updated and re-deployed with the recommended change.