# If user repays more than what is owed the function will revert.

## Summary

If user repays more than what is owed the function will revert.

## Vulnerability Detail

when `repay()` is called and `repaid` is greater than `loan.amount` then the function will go into the else statement. Here `loan.amount` is deducted the value of `repaid`. If `repaid` is greater than `loan.value` then the the function will revert.

It can be the source of a DOS attack. If the lender wants the borrower to default on their loan they can front run the users transaction and pay a dust amount to force the victims transaction to revert. For example (with nice whole numbers):

Alice owes bob 100 dai on 1 eth collateral on a 1 hour loan.
Alice attempts to pay back the 100 dai in one repayment.
bob frontruns Alice and pays off 0.01 dai of her debt.
Alice's transaction reverts becasue she over paid.
Bob repeats this until the loan defaults.
Bob collects Alices 1 eth.

Any loan with a relatively short duration can be exploited like this.

Also This can be an issue if the user is paying off the loan last second. This could result in the user defaulting on the loan even though they attempted to pay it back with a sufficient amount.

## Impact

Loss of collateral

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-cooler/blob/main/src/Cooler.sol#L118

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

If repaid is greater than loan amount only use the amount needed to pay the loan back in full. This way any excess gets returned to the user and the function wont revert.
