# Max out nft deposit with low value ones making bounty undesirable.

## Summary
Any user can deposit nfts into any bounty and the limit for each bounty is hardcoded at 5. If a user were to deposit 5 NFTS with a very low vlaue the bounty would be undesirable to users and unusable to issuers.



## Vulnerability details
Only whitelisted NFT's are allowed to be added to a bounty, however NFT's have different values. Some are worth only pennies.

Here is a scenario:

Alice creates a Atomic bounty asking users to make a DEX and wants to pay the users with a cryptopunk nft a floor price of 62 eth.
Bob doesnt want Alice to fund this bounty so he submits 5 nfts from a collection that is whitelisted but only worth 5 cents each.
Alices attempts to deposit her cryptoPunk but the transaction fails due to the nft limit being reached.
Everyone sees that Alice is asking users to create a valuable product any only plans on compensating them with 0.25 worth of value.
Alices organization takes a reputation hit
Alice sees tries again but bob does the same thing.
Alice deems this protocol unusable and takes her business elsewhere.
bob refunds his nft's


## Impact
Organizations can have thier reputation damaged at no fault of thier own.
The protocol will become unusable.

## Lines of code

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-openq/blob/main/contracts/ClaimManager/Implementations/ClaimManagerV1.sol#L133


## Tools Used
Manual Review

## Recommended Mitigation Steps
Either allow issuer to always submit at least One NFT. This can either be allowing them to go over the limit by one. Or reserving one spot for the issuer