
# Unbound loop in getLockedFunds() can cause DOS preventing refunds.


## Summary

getLockedfunds itterates through all deposits to determine which funds are locked. Anyone could make enough deposits that would cause the getLockedFunds() to run out of gas. If this were to happen it would be impossible for anyone to use the refund() function. Locking all depositors funds.


## Vulnerability details
When a user makes a deposit the deposits Id's get stored in an array called deposits. This array is used in the getLockedFunds() method from BountyCore.sol which is called whenver a user calls refund(). getLockedfunds will loop through every deposit checking if the deposit is eligible to be refunded. There is no limit to how big this loop can be and no way of reducing the size of deposits[]. This means that eventually the loop will get too big and run out of gas.

Here is a scenario:

Alice creates a bounty for 1000 Matic.
Bob wants to lock Alices funds in the contract so he submits many deposits worth only a dust amount.
Alice After a month of this bounty being posted with no success attmeps to get a refund for her bounty.
Alice's refund fails due to an out of gas limit.
Alice no longer has access to her funds and has lost 1000 Matic.


## Impact
Loss of funds. Anyone who makes a deppoist to a bounty is vunerable to getting all of thier funds locked.

## Lines of code

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-openq/blob/main/contracts/Bounty/Implementations/BountyCore.sol#L341
## Tools Used

Manual Review

## Recommended Mitigation Steps

There are a few ways to mitiagte this issue. The easiest way to do so without disrupting the existing code would be to add a withdraw function that sends the contracts balance to the saleReciever. This way the seller can withdraw thier existing earned funds at any point during the sale.
