## Lines of code

https://github.com/code-423n4/2022-12-gogopool/blob/main/contracts/contract/tokens/TokenggAVAX.sol#L88
https://github.com/code-423n4/2022-12-gogopool/blob/main/contracts/contract/tokens/TokenggAVAX.sol#L113

## Vulnerability details



## Impact

Users can steal other users' rewards because syncRewards() is not guaranteed to be called once a cycle ends. If this happens, users who deposit right after rewardsCycleEnds will lose out on yield to users who deposit later.

## Proof of Concept

https://github.com/code-423n4/2022-12-gogopool/blob/main/contracts/contract/tokens/TokenggAVAX.sol#L88
https://github.com/code-423n4/2022-12-gogopool/blob/main/contracts/contract/tokens/TokenggAVAX.sol#L113

Time is currently at the end of the cycle.

Alice deposits 100 AVAX.
Time is currently three days after the end of the cycle.
Alice decides to sync rewards and withdraw her stake plus rewards.
Bob frontruns Alice and deposits 100 AVAX.
Alice syncs rewards and withdraws her stake plus rewards.
Bob follows and withdraws his stake and rewards as well. (These rewards are not proportional to the time Bob had his assets deposited. They are proportional to the three days between rewardsCycleEnds and syncRewards().)
The issue here is that Bob held his assets in the contract for only one minute and got nearly as many rewards as Alice, who kept hers locked up for three days. This is because rewards from the next cycle are not accounted for in totalAssets(), allowing an attacker to make a deposit right before syncRewards() and claim yield from other users.

## Tools Used

Maunal Analysis

## Recommended Mitigation Steps

Have syncRewards() automatically called before totalAssets() is calculated. This can be in the deposit, withdraw, and redeem functions, or it can directly be in totalAssets().
This will mitigate the issue because it will prevent the attacker from frontrunning syncRewards() with their deposit.